KAMUNDA NJUE & COMPANY ADVOCATES

LAW FIRM PROFILE
Kamunda Njue & Company, Advocates,
Ojijo Plaza, 1st Floor, Suite A8, Plums Lane,
Off Ojijo Road,
Opposite Parklands Sports Club,
P.O Box 14827 – 00800,
NAIROBI
Tel. +254-705647726
Email: info@kamundanjueadv.com / dan.kamunda@gmail.com

1

Kamunda Njue & Company, Advocates – Quality Work and Delivery.

2

Kamunda Njue & Company, Advocates – Quality Work and Delivery.

ABOUT KAMUNDA NJUE & COMPANY ADVOCATES
Kamunda Njue & Company Advocates (hereinafter called “the firm”) is a dynamic, full-service law firm,
established in 2010. The firm brings together seasoned legal experience and youthful energy to deliver
efficient, innovative and up-to date representation to both corporate and individual clients.
Our team comprises dedicated and competent advocates, legal consultants, highly competent paralegal
and administrative support staff. Under the leadership of a forward-thinking Managing Partner, the firm
fosters a collaborative working environment that blends strategic legal insight with responsiveness and
teamwork.
VISION
To grow as a leading law firm while consistently providing professional, personalized and results-oriented
legal services. We embrace excellence and timeliness in the delivery of our services.
PRACTICE AREAS.
The firm offers comprehensive legal services, including but not limited to the following areas of law: 1. General Civil Litigation
2. Corporate and Commercial Law
3. Constitutional and Election disputes
4. Land Law and Conveyancing
5. Family Law
6. Debt Collection and realization of securities
7. Criminal Law
8. Defamation
9. Banking, Finance and Insurance Law
10. Medical Law

3

Kamunda Njue & Company, Advocates – Quality Work and Delivery.

11. Alternative Dispute Resolution
12. Employment and Labour
13. Intellectual Property Law.
•

General Civil and Commercial Litigation

The firm has built a solid reputation in general civil and commercial litigation through strategic advocacy,
meticulous preparation and an unwavering commitment to results. This has been achieved through the
collective expertise of its partners and advocates, gained both in previous practice and within the Firm. We
represent corporate and individual clients across all Courts and Tribunals.
•

Corporate and Commercial

Kamunda Njue and Company Advocates offers comprehensive corporate and commercial legal services
tailored to meet the evolving needs of businesses, investors and entrepreneurs. The firm has developed
in-depth expertise across diverse areas of commerce, advising both local and international clients on
structuring, governance and compliance.
Our Corporate and Commercial practice includes;
•

Incorporation and structing of local and foreign companies;

•

Corporate governance and regulatory compliance advisory;

•

Mergers and Acquisitions;

•

Asset acquisition and disposals; and

•

Commercial contracts, drafting, review and negotiation.

•

Constitutional, Human Rights and Election Disputes

The Firm has developed substantial experience in constitutional litigation, human rights enforcement and
election disputes. We have acted and continue to act in complex constitutional and public interest matters
involving interpretation of constitutional provisions and protection of fundamental rights and freedoms. Our

4

expertise extends to constitutional petitions, judicial review proceedings, and pre-election and post-election
Kamunda Njue & Company, Advocates – Quality Work and Delivery.

disputes among others.
•

Debt Collection, security enforcement and realization

The Firm maintains a results-driven debt recovery process focused on safeguarding the Creditor’s rights
while ensuring efficient and cost-effective recovery process. The firm has developed strategic debtrecovery mechanism to ensure prompt settlement, often without the need of protracted litigation. Our
objective is to maximize recovery while minimizing delays, costs and exposure to risk.
•

Defamation Matters

Kamunda Njue & Company Advocates has substantial experience in both the prosecution and defense of
defamation claims, acting for individuals, corporations and media institutions. The Firm’s Managing Partner
previously represented leading media houses including, Nation Media Group, The Standard Group and
Royal Media Services.
We approach reputational disputes with precision and discretion, and we are committed to securing timely
and effective outcomes for our clients.
•

Conveyancing and Leasing

The firm has extensive experience in conveyancing and property transactions, acting for vendors,
purchasers, financiers and developers in the acquisition and disposal of property. We provide transactional
support from due diligence, drafting and review of agreements, registration of conveyancing instruments
and advisory on compliance requirements. The firm’s system is well equipped to effect the conveyancing
transactions on the Ardhi Sasa Platform.
•

Criminal Justice

Kamunda Njue & Company Advocates has extensive experience in criminal law, representing both accused
persons and complainants. The Firm handles criminal defense for both paying and indigent clients, through
its Pro Bono program. The Firm also represents Children in Conflict with the Law, ensuring their rights are
safeguarded throughout the trial.

5

Kamunda Njue & Company, Advocates – Quality Work and Delivery.

Additionally, the Firm represents servicemen of the Kenya Defence Forces before the Court Martial,
providing strategic defense and ensuring protection of their constitutional and statutory rights within the
military justice system.
The Managing Partner has previously collaborated and continues to collaborate with non-governmental
organizations such as Legal Resources Foundation and International Commission of Jurists, underscoring
his commitment towards access to justice.
We have successfully defended clients leading to acquittals in full trials and criminal appeals. The Firm has
in collaboration with the Prosecution, participated in investigations, witness protection and watching briefs
for both individual and corporate clients.
•

Finance, Banking and Insurance Law

The firm offers specialized legal services in banking, finance and insurance law, advising and representing
clients across transactional, regulatory and dispute matters. We provide guidance on facility agreements,
regulatory compliance, debt recovery and structured financing.
Our pool of advocates is well versed in prosecuting and defending complex insurance claims, combining
litigation and out of court settlement to achieve optimal outcomes.
•

Alternative Dispute Resolution

We provide efficient, cost-effective and strategic avenues for resolving disputes out of traditional litigation.
The Managing Partner has received specialized training in ADR from the Peace-Maker Ministries and
possesses rich experience in both domestic and international arbitration. The firm represents clients in a
variety of ADR mechanisms including, arbitration, mediation and negotiation.
Combining legal expertise with practical dispute resolution strategies has enabled the firm to achieve timely
and mutually satisfactory outcomes, in the interest of the Clients.
•

Employment and Labour

The firm regularly represents employers and employees at the Employment and Labour Relations Court on
employment disputes touching on unlawful termination, breach of employment contracts, and violation of

6

economic rights.
Kamunda Njue & Company, Advocates – Quality Work and Delivery.

•

Environment and Land

Kamunda Njue and Company Advocates has majored in land and environment law, handling cases involving
boundary disputes, community land ownership, compulsory acquisition, ownership and transfer of land
challenges. The firm has a diversity of client representation including individuals, clans, and State agencies.
Additionally, we have acted and continue to act in disputes arising from enforcement, breach and
implementation of environmental laws and regulations.
•

Family Law

The firm has a robust and active Family Law department handling child custody and maintenance cases,
adoption and application for guardianship, matrimonial causes and probate and administration.
•

Intellectual Property Law

The firm assists clients in safeguarding their innovations by advising on the registration, protection and
commercialization of property rights including trademarks, patent and copyright. We also represent clients in
enforcement and infringement proceedings of proprietary rights.
•

Data Protection Law

The Firm advises on data protection compliance, regulatory obligations and data governance. We assist
organizations in aligning their operations with data protection laws, handling data breach and managing
disputes arising out of misuse or unauthorized processing of personal data.
•

Medical Law

The Firm handles claims relating to medical negligence and malpractice, professional disciplinary
proceedings before the Kenya Medical Practitioners and Dentists Board, informed consent disputes and
regulatory compliance within the healthcare sector. Our approach is grounded in careful factual analysis,
expert coordination, and strategic advocacy, ensuring clients receive diligent representation.

7

Kamunda Njue & Company, Advocates – Quality Work and Delivery.

CLIENTS
Kamunda Njue & Company Advocates is proud to serve a diverse portfolio of corporate and individual clients
across various sectors. The firm is currently empaneled to several organizations, including but not limited to;
1. Dunhill Consulting Limited;
2. Twiga Construction Company Ltd;
3. Benvar Estates Ltd;
4. Allied Industries Limited;
5. The County Government of Narok;
6. The County Government of Kirinyaga;
7. Mbeere Elders Advisory Welfare Group;
8. The firm also acts for a number of high net-worth individual clients on diverse
areas of law, both ongoing and finalized; and
9. The firm is also handling high end constitution petitions such as the
Representation on stay of trial of the 27 ex-navy officers by the court martial in
Mtongwe- on going.
THE TEAM
DANIEL NJUE KAMUNDA-MANAGING PARTNER
Daniel Kamunda Njue is the founder and managing partner of Kamunda Njue & Company Advocates. He
holds a Bachelor of Laws degree from the University of Nairobi and a post-graduate diploma from the Kenya
School of Law. He sits as a board member at the Estate Agents Registration Board.
He is a seasoned litigation practitioner with twenty (20) years’ experience across civil, commercial,
constitutional, banking, insurance and media law.

8

Kamunda Njue & Company, Advocates – Quality Work and Delivery.

Prior to establishing the Firm, Daniel practiced with Muriuki Njagagua & Company Advocates, Mohammed
Muigai Advocates and Mwaniki Gachoka & Company Advocates, where he specialized in complex and highvalue litigation.
Throughout his practice, Daniel has directly and indirectly, acted for and advised major institutions including;
•

ABSA Bank Kenya, formerly Barclays Bank Limited

•

NIC Bank Kenya

•

Co-operative Bank of Kenya

•

Kenya Re-Insurance Corporation Limited

•

Concord Insurance Company Limited

•

Blue Shield Insurance Company Limited

•

Nation Media Group

•

The Standard Group

•

Royal Media Services

•

Chevron Corporation

•

Crescent Construction Limited

•

Shamsher Kenya Limited

•

Pinnacle Paints Limited.

This exposure to complex, high-stake disputes has equipped him with strong courtroom presence, strategic
litigation skills and refined negotiation expertise.
Daniel is known for his decisive advocacy, analytical depth, and commercially aware approach to dispute
resolution.
He combines procedural mastery with practical strategy, ensuring that clients receive efficient, results-driven
representation both in Court and through alternative dispute resolution mechanisms.
Professional Membership

9

•

Law Society of Kenya, Senior Bar.

•

Estate Agents Registration Board

•

Institute of Certified Public Accounts of Kenya

•

Friend of Rotary Club of Hurlingham

Kamunda Njue & Company, Advocates – Quality Work and Delivery.

ANDREW MUGO KAMUNDA-PARTNER
Andrew holds a Bachelor of Laws degree from the University of Nairobi and a post-graduate diploma from
the Kenya School of Law. He is a Masters of Laws candidate at the University of Nairobi. Prior to his joining
the firm in 2016, Andrew gained valuable experience with the Judiciary, working under senior advocates and
esteemed members of the Bench.
He has developed extensive hands-on experience across civil and commercial litigation, criminal law, estate
management and data protection. His expertise includes meticulous penmanship in drafting pleadings,
handling conveyancing matters, medical law, commercial and company law.
Known for his diligence, practical legal insight, and meticulous approach, Andrew remains committed to
delivering strategic, results driven solutions while staying current with emerging laws and court trends.
Professional Membership;
•

Law Society of Kenya

•

Justice Advocacy Africa

•

Trial Advocacy Training Institute

MARIAM CHEBET- ASSOCIATE
Mariam Chebet is a junior associate with a passion for delivering innovative and client focused legal solutions.
She holds a Bachelor of Laws degree from the Catholic University of Eastern Africa and a Postgraduate
Diploma in Law from the Kenya School of Law. She joined the firm in 2025 as a member of the Young Bar,
bringing fresh energy and a commitment to excellence.
Mariam has developed a versatile portfolio through her work in both litigation and programmatic legal
initiatives. She has previously contributed to advancing access to justice and rights-based advocacy in
Federation of Women Lawyers (FIDA-Kenya) and the National Council on the Administration of Justice
(NCAJ) - Special Taskforce on Children Matters, and Wakili.Sha Initiative. She has also gained practical
litigation experience, having previously worked with Njiru Kibaru & Co. Advocates, P.W. Mundia Advocates,
and Diro Advocates LLP. This combination of programmatic and courtroom experience gives her a unique
perspective on law that blends legal precision with strategic problem solving.
Kamunda Njue & Company, Advocates – Quality Work and Delivery.

10

Her key practice areas include family law, medical law, data protection, commercial law criminal law.
Mariam is recognized for her meticulous research, analytical rigor and ability to translate complex legal issues
into practical advice for clients. Her commitment to continuous learning and staying ahead of emerging legal
trends ensures that she delivers pragmatic solutions that meet both legal and commercial objectives.
Professional Membership;
•

Law Society of Kenya- Young Bar

•

Federation of Women Lawyers (FIDA-Kenya)

•

National Council on Administration of Justice (NCAJ) -Special Taskforce on Children Matters

•

Centre for Intellectual Property and Information Technology (CIPIT).

SABUSAGA DAVIES OGEMBO- ASSOCIATE
Sabusaga Davies is a young, dynamic and energetic junior advocate at the firm, providing wellrounded legal services across the Litigation, Alternative Dispute Resolution, Commercial and
Conveyancing Departments. He is a Certified Professional Mediator, (2024), reflecting his
commitment to efficient and amicable dispute resolution.
He holds a Bachelor of Laws degree from the Africa Nazarene University and a post-graduate
diploma from the Kenya School of Law.
Sabusaga Joined the firm in 2025 as a pupil and trained under the close mentorship of the
partners in the firm until his admission to the Bar in November.
While working with Kamunda Njue & Company Advocates, Sabusaga has gained hands-on
experience working in: conveyancing, corporate and commercial litigation, intellectual property
law, family law, tax law, employment and criminal law.
His growing practice is marked by diligence, attention to detail, and a strong commitment to client
service.
• Professional Membership:
Kamunda Njue & Company, Advocates – Quality Work and Delivery.

11

Law Society of Kenya, Young Bar.
SUPPORT STAFF AND RESOURCES
The firm is supported by a team of highly trained, competent and experienced professionals each specializing
in their respective areas including legal administration, clerical work, accounting and technology
management. Our support staff leverage modern tools and systems to ensure efficiency, accuracy and timely
execution of all firm operations.
The Firm is equipped with 24-hour internet access and advanced legal research tools, enabling seamless
communication with clients and efficient case management.
The firm maintains an active domain at www.kamundanjueadv.com. General inquiries may be sent to
info@kamundanjeadv.com , while the managing partner may be reached directly though
dan.kamunda@gmail.com .
Our combination of skilled human resource and technological capability ensures that clients receive
responsive, professional, and reliable legal services at all times.
CHARGES
Kamunda Njue & Co. Advocates structures its legal fees in accordance with the Advocates’ Remuneration
Order, ensuring transparency and compliance with professional standards. We place a high value on open
communication and client participation in determining fees, maintaining flexibility to ensure our services
remain fair, reasonable and aligned with the scope of the legal matter at hand.
PROFESSIONAL INDEMNITY
The firm has a professional indemnity cover by CIC GENERAL INSURANCE LTD for Kenya
Shillings One Hundred Million (Kshs. 100,000,000/-) and ready to advance it as and when
required.

Kamunda Njue & Company, Advocates – Quality Work and Delivery.

12

CONTACT DETAILS
The following are the firm’s contact details:
OFFICIAL ADDRESS
Kamunda Njue & Company,
Advocates, Ojijo Plaza, 1st Floor,
Suite A8,
Plums Lane, Off Ojijo
Road, Opposite
Parklands Sports Club,
P.O Box 14827 – 00800,
NAIROBI.
Tel: +254-705647726, +254-720220956
Email: info@kamundanjueadv.com
Web: www.kamundanjueadv.com

Kamunda Njue & Company, Advocates – Quality Work and Delivery.

13

